offline query docs (#239)
chalk-ai/docs: offline-query.mdx

[environment](/docs/resolver-environments),
or [branch](/docs/branches)
as parameters to `offline_query` in the same fashion
as [online query](/docs/query-online).

### Debugging offline queries

Like [online queries](/docs/query-basics),
offline queries can be debugged using the `explain` flag, which logs the query execution plan, and

> the `store_plan_stages` flag, which stores the outputs of each of the plan stages,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `store_plan_stages` flag, which stores the inputs and outputs of each of the plan stages,
```

which will be visible in the web dashboard's query detail view.
More on these and other tips [here](/docs/debugging-queries).

### Running large offline queries

> Offline queries run on a large number of rows require their own compute resources and infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline queries that run on a large number of rows require their own compute resources and infrastructure
```

to ensure they complete and do not contend with resources from other workloads like the engine or branch server.

> Chalk handles this by launching a Kubernetes job that can runs asynchronously on dedicated compute nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chalk handles this by launching a Kubernetes job that runs asynchronously on dedicated compute nodes.
```

To do so, set the `run_asynchronously` flag to `True` in the `offline_query` method.

```python
from chalk.client import ChalkClient

client = ChalkClient()
client.offline_query(
  input={'user.id': range(1_000_000)},
  output=['user.name'],
  run_asynchronously=True,
)
```

> If you'd like to adjust the resource compute or memory for the job,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to adjust the compute or memory resources for the job,
```

set the `resources` parameter to a custom [`ResourceRequests`](/api-docs#ResourceRequests) object.
Ensure that the request values are compatible with the resources available on Kubernetes cluster.

Another option to consider is to parallelize the computation of the offline query by dividing the input into shards.
If the `num_shards` parameter is set,
Chalk will split the input into `num_shards` shards and run each shard in a separate pod.
The `num_workers` parameter sets the maximum number of pods that can run concurrently.
If the number of shards is large compared to the size of the Kubernetes cluster,
set the `num_workers` parameter to a smaller number to ensure that Chalk can launch enough pods to run the query.

```python
from chalk.client import ChalkClient

client = ChalkClient()
client.offline_query(
  input={'user.id': range(1_000_000)},
  output=['user.name'],
  run_asynchronously=True,
  num_shards=50,
  num_workers=10,
)
```

For the above example, Chalk will split the input spine into 50 shards of 20,000 rows each.
It will then launch jobs for each shard, while not exceeding 10 concurrent pods at once.

> If you lose track of the state of a long-running offline query, you'll always be able to retrieve the outputs later.

Reviewer: ? is this like...notebook dying?

Author: lmao. the notebook shows code that wouldn't work anymore

> First, check the offline query dashboard: you'll be able to download individual or all shards of the output there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, check the offline query dashboard: you'll be able to download all shards, individually or as a group. 
```
